The purpose of this program is to prompt him or her with the name of the file. The program will then read the information from that file and store it into two different structs. One struct contains the information for each of the 3 Agencies in the file, and the other struct contains the information for each of the 5 car Inventories, which are stored as objects inside each Agency. The program will then display a menu and prompt the user for one of five options. The first option is to print all of the data from the file to the screen. The second is to attempt to estimate the rental cost of a particular car in a particular agency. The third is to find the most expensive car out of all of the cars listed. The fourth would have been to print only the available cars, but sadly I did not have time and it is unavailable. The fifth option is to exit the program. I had many problems with this project. First of all, whenever the program is executed, I get a segmentation fault error. I tried debugging and debugging but could not find a solution. The program worked fine, but I figured I would lose some points because of it. I probably should have spent less time on trying to figure this tiny issue out because if I did spend less time, I probably would have had time to solve my issues with the estimation of rental cost function and to complete my print available function. This was something I probably should have not bothered myself with until I had finished everything else. I also should have started much earlier. I started on Sunday, three days before the project was due because I thought it would have been as simple as the last one. I quickly found out that was not the case. I normally start the project the day it was assigned. I’ve definitely learned my lesson in regards to that. I had some strange problems with memory leakage and I think that’s what caused the weird segmentation faults. Somehow and somewhere, memory was being overwritten or leaked. I tried to get a debugger, but I couldn’t even get that to work. Overall, the time spent on this and the time I wasted by procrastinating is what gave me so many problems that I could not fix. If I had more time, I would fix these issues. I even know how to fix the estimation function, I just didn’t have the time to really do anything about it. I enjoyed this project, though, and my mistakes were completely my fault. Given another project, with pointers as a requirement especially, I am going to start a lot earlier and dedicate a lot more time to finishing the big picture of the project.

